c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\ViewModels.dll
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\ViewModels.pdb
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\ViewModels.pri
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\ViewModels.dll
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\ViewModels.pdb
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri
c:\users\alexkhatuntsev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\obj\Debug\ViewModels.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AlexKhatuntsev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\Models.dll
C:\Users\AlexKhatuntsev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\Models.pdb
C:\Users\AlexKhatuntsev\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PurchaseManagerUniversalApp\ViewModels\bin\Debug\Models.pri
